Add glossary for common term used (#255)
chain4travel/camino-docs: docs/faq/glossary.md

institutions, where control is exercised from a central point, often leading to a
hierarchical system of management and administration.

## Centralized System

A centralized system is one in which a single entity or a small group of entities
have control over the entire system. All data, processes, and controls are managed
from a central point.

**Key Characteristics:**

1. **Single Point of Control:** One central authority manages the system.
2. **Data Centralization:** All data is stored in a central database.
3. **Ease of Management:** Centralized systems are easier to manage because there is
   a single point of control.
4. **Efficiency:** Centralized systems can be more efficient in decision-making and
   resource allocation since decisions are made by a central authority.
5. **Security Risks:** If the central point is compromised, the entire system can be
   affected.
6. **Scalability Issues:** Centralized systems can face challenges in scaling up as
   the central node can become a bottleneck.
7. **Vulnerability to Failures:** Centralized systems are vulnerable to single
   points of failure, meaning if the central node fails, the entire system can be

>    disrupted.

Reviewer: are point6  and 7 true? 

Is a centralized system not as easily scalable as a decentralized system? With clouds, maybe even easier?
A failure is often caused by a code change with unforeseen side effects. A decentralized system is equally vulnerable to that, right?

**Examples:** Traditional banking systems, social media platforms like Facebook and
Twitter, and centralized cloud services like AWS and Google Cloud.

Comparison: Centralized Systems vs Decentralized

| Feature      | Centralized Systems                      | Decentralized                                |
| ------------ | ---------------------------------------- | -------------------------------------------- |
| Control      | Centralized authority                    | Distributed network                          |
| Data Storage | Centralized database                     | Decentralized ledger (blockchain)            |
| Security     | Vulnerable to central point attacks      | Enhanced security through decentralization   |
| Transparency | Limited, controlled by central entity    | High, with immutable and transparent records |
| User Control | Limited, controlled by central authority | High, users control their own data           |

> | Scalability  | Can face bottlenecks                     | Scalable through distributed networks        |

Reviewer: same as above

distributed across multiple points, rather than being centralized in a single
central authority or system

## Decentralized Autonomous Consortium

Consortium in which all members participate in decision-making because there is no
central governing body and whose members share a common goal of acting in the best
interest of the Consortium. The Camino Consortium is a heterogeneous group of
companies that might disagree or have different approaches in minor or major
matters. Camino offers tools to solve disputes and reach a consensus on general
topics.

## Deposit

The act of transferring cryptocurrency or tokens from a personal wallet to a smart
contract, exchange, or other platforms for various purposes such as staking,
lending, or trading.

## Digital Asset

A digital asset is any content or item of value that exists in a digital form and
can be owned or controlled. It often has a relation to an asset in the real world.

## Digital Asset ID

A "Digital Asset ID" is a unique identifier for digital items like cryptocurrencies,
digital art, or tokens. This ID ensures the item's authenticity, tracks ownership,
and prevents fraud.

For example:

> - **NFTs:** Each token has a unique ID on the blockchain, making every digital art

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **NFTs:** Each token has a unique ID on the blockchain, making for example digital art
```

Author: Why this change?

Reviewer: because it looks like an NFT is limited to digital art the way it is currently written

Author: The section is already titled "For example:" above.

  or collectible distinct.
- **Concert tickets or loyalty points:** Each token has a unique code, ensuring
  authenticity and easy tracking.
- **ERC-20 tokens:** Each type of token has a unique contract identifier on the
  Ethereum blockchain, ensuring proper tracking and management.

## Digital Signature

**Digital Signature** is a cryptographic mechanism used in blockchain networks to:

1. Authenticate the sender of a message or transaction
2. Ensure the integrity of the message or transaction data

> 3. Provide non-repudiation

Reviewer: I had to look-up what non-repudiation means...

To make the phrase "Provide non-repudiation" more understandable, especially in contexts related to security and authentication, we can rephrase it as:

"Ensure that actions cannot be denied by the party involved."
"Guarantee accountability for actions taken."
"Implement measures to prevent denial of involvement in transactions."
Non-repudiation is a critical aspect of secure communication systems, particularly in financial transactions and digital communications, where it ensures that a party involved in communication cannot deny the authenticity of their signature on a document or the sending of a message that they originated.
